assign/assign03.md, before:

---
layout: default
course_number: CS481
title: Requirements
---

This is a **Team** assignment.

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---



# Your Task

Your task is to document the requirements for your project by adding them as issues and milestones to your main GitHub repository.

## Milestones

Milestones should be created for the following system states:

- **Minimal Working System** - this milestone will include the core object model classes and corresponding unit test framework for the system. It should also include a basic functional user interface (possibly console based) to demonstrate functionality.
- **50% Working System** - this milestone will expand the minimal working system to include additional functionality and an initial graphical interface
- **Final Working System** - this milestone should demonstrate all the features of the complete and integrated system

## Issues

Create an issue for each project requirement.

Each issue should be a single *use case* or *user story*.  Each issue should be part of one of the three milestones described above.

A use case or user story documents, from the perspective of a user of the system, how the user will use the system to accomplish an important goal.  Use cases and user stories are similar:

* Use cases are more formal, and indicate an explicit series of steps
* User stories are less formal, and are typically just a single paragraph telling the "story" of how a user can use the system to accomplish an important goal

Your team can create use cases or user stories: it's up to you.

If you're a little rusty on how to identify and document requirements, please review [Lecture 3](https://ycpcs.github.io/cs320-spring2017/lectures/lecture03.html) from CS 320.

<!--
Consider creating initial issues that correspond to the features of the system, i.e. the tasks necessary for implementing each system requirement. Each requirements may consist of multiple issues. Be sure to add a description to each issue explaining the functionality and requirement the issue will address.

Each milestone should then be assigned appropriate issues describing the features the milestone will implement. Begin with general features, but as a feature is undertaken new detailed issues should be added to the issue tracker documenting the evolution of the system design architecture.

Be sure that as progress on the project proceeds, issues are labeled appropriately and at least weekly comments are added describing work that was accomplished.
-->

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---



# Grading Criteria

- Create milestones in the github issue tracker: **15%**
- Add issues representing individual requirements to each milestone: **15%**
- Each issue is a *use case* or *user story* documenting an important requirement: **50%**
- The issues comprehensively document the requirements for your system (i.e., no major requirements are undocumented): **20%**

Commit message:

reference for user stories, tweak grade breakdown

assign/assign03.md, after:

---
layout: default
course_number: CS481
title: Requirements
---

This is a **Team** assignment.

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---



# Your Task

Your task is to document the requirements for your project by adding them as issues and milestones to your main GitHub repository.

## Milestones

Milestones should be created for the following system states:

- **Minimal Working System** - this milestone will include the core object model classes and corresponding unit test framework for the system. It should also include a basic functional user interface (possibly console based) to demonstrate functionality.
- **50% Working System** - this milestone will expand the minimal working system to include additional functionality and an initial graphical interface
- **Final Working System** - this milestone should demonstrate all the features of the complete and integrated system

## Issues

Create an issue for each project requirement.

Each issue should be a single *use case* or *user story*.  Each issue should be part of one of the three milestones described above.

A use case or user story documents, from the perspective of a user of the system, how the user will use the system to accomplish an important goal.  Use cases and user stories are similar:

* Use cases are more formal, and indicate an explicit series of steps
* User stories are less formal, and are typically just a single paragraph telling the "story" of how a user can use the system to accomplish an important goal

Your team can create use cases or user stories: it's up to you.

If you're a little rusty on how to identify and document requirements, please review [Lecture 3](https://ycpcs.github.io/cs320-spring2017/lectures/lecture03.html) from CS 320.  Chapter 7 of [Extreme Programming Explained](https://www.amazon.com/Extreme-Programming-Explained-Embrace-Change/dp/0321278658) discusses user stories.

<!--
Consider creating initial issues that correspond to the features of the system, i.e. the tasks necessary for implementing each system requirement. Each requirements may consist of multiple issues. Be sure to add a description to each issue explaining the functionality and requirement the issue will address.

Each milestone should then be assigned appropriate issues describing the features the milestone will implement. Begin with general features, but as a feature is undertaken new detailed issues should be added to the issue tracker documenting the evolution of the system design architecture.

Be sure that as progress on the project proceeds, issues are labeled appropriately and at least weekly comments are added describing work that was accomplished.
-->

--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---



# Grading Criteria

- Create milestones in the github issue tracker: **15%**
- Add issues representing individual requirements to each milestone: **15%**
- Each issue is a *use case* or *user story* documenting an important requirement: **40%**
- The issues comprehensively document the requirements for your system (i.e., no major requirements are undocumented): **30%**
